README.md, before:

<div align=center>
	<h1>OnlyPlants
	<br>
		<img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=&message=Amazon AWS&color=232F3E&style=for-the-badge&logo=amazonaws&logoColor=white&logoWidth=&labelColor=&link=">
		<img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=&message=Kotlin&color=7F52FF&style=for-the-badge&logo=Kotlin&logoColor=white&logoWidth=&labelColor=&link=">
		<img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=&message=Google STT&color=4285F4&style=for-the-badge&logo=google&logoColor=white&logoWidth=&labelColor=&link=">
		<br>
	</h1>
</div>


## 🌱 OnlyPlants
Rainforest deforestation is a major concern that causes trees to be cut down to provide more land. This activity has a global impact, affecting oxygen and carbon levels. Annually, rainforests like the Amazon suffer a loss of approximately 3-6 billion trees. This calls for communities worldwide to take initiative by proactively engaging in sustainability endeavours. Hence the birth of OnlyPlants.

## Prerequisites (speech to text)
1. Turn on Online Speech Recognition in OS
-- Under Settings > Privacy > Speech, turn on Online Speech Recognition
2. Have Google Speech Services installed in the emulator device
-- Use a emulator with Play Store enabled E.g.: Pixel 2
-- Install Speech Services by Google

## Built Using
<div style="display: flex; align-items:center; column-gap: 5px;">
    - Kotlin <img height="16" width="16" src="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/kotlin" />
</div>
<div style="display: flex; align-items:center; column-gap: 5px;">
    - Amazon Web Services <img height="16" width="16" src="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/amazonaws" />
</div>
<div style="display: flex; align-items:center; column-gap: 5px;">
    - Google Speech-to-Text <img height="16" width="16" src="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/google" />
</div>

Commit message:

Upload CDK script for Plant Identifier, Wiki & Language Translation

README.md, after:

<div align=center>
	<h1>OnlyPlants
	<br>
		<img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=&message=Amazon AWS&color=232F3E&style=for-the-badge&logo=amazonaws&logoColor=white&logoWidth=&labelColor=&link=">
		<img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=&message=Kotlin&color=7F52FF&style=for-the-badge&logo=Kotlin&logoColor=white&logoWidth=&labelColor=&link=">
		<img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=&message=Google STT&color=4285F4&style=for-the-badge&logo=google&logoColor=white&logoWidth=&labelColor=&link=">
		<br>
	</h1>
</div>


## 🌱 OnlyPlants
Rainforest deforestation is a major concern that causes trees to be cut down to provide more land. This activity has a global impact, affecting oxygen and carbon levels. Annually, rainforests like the Amazon suffer a loss of approximately 3-6 billion trees. This calls for communities worldwide to take initiative by proactively engaging in sustainability endeavours. Hence the birth of OnlyPlants.

## Prerequisites (speech to text)
1. An unrestrictive AWS account
2. Properly provisioned AWS resources (see below)
3. Turn on Online Speech Recognition in OS
-- Under Settings > Privacy > Speech, turn on Online Speech Recognition
4. Have Google Speech Services installed in the emulator device
-- Use a emulator with Play Store enabled E.g.: Pixel 2
-- Install Speech Services by Google

## Instruction (Plant Identifier, Wiki & Language Translation)
- Unzip and run the AWS CDK script in the ECP-CDK folder to provision all neccessary infrastructure by code
- Run Kotlin app

## Built Using
<div style="display: flex; align-items:center; column-gap: 5px;">
    - Kotlin <img height="16" width="16" src="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/kotlin" />
</div>
<div style="display: flex; align-items:center; column-gap: 5px;">
    - Amazon Web Services <img height="16" width="16" src="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/amazonaws" />
</div>
<div style="display: flex; align-items:center; column-gap: 5px;">
    - Google Speech-to-Text <img height="16" width="16" src="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/google" />
</div>
